Feat: Schemas for input validation and documentation (#1888)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/installation/requirements.md

## Supported Ansible Versions

- ansible-core from __2.11.3__ to __2.12.x__ excluding __2.12.0__ to __2.12.5__

> Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (fqcn + short name).")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (fqdn + short name).")
```

- ansible-core from __2.11.3__ to __2.12.x__ excluding __2.12.0__ to __2.12.5__

> Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (fqdn + short name).")

Author: This was indeed intended to be FQCN which is an Ansible term for fully-qualified-collection-name.
```suggestion
Excluded versions have an [issue](## "plugin loader will now load config data for plugin by name instead of by file to avoid issues with the same file being loaded under different names (Fully-Qualified-Collection-Name + short-name).")
```
